Dependencies.md, before:

##List of Known Dependencies
###ORB-SLAM2 version 1.0

In this document we list all the pieces of code included  by ORB-SLAM2 and linked libraries which are not property of the authors of ORB-SLAM2.


#####Code in **src** and **include** folders

* *ORBextractor.cc*.
This is a modified version of orb.cpp of OpenCV library. The original code is BSD licensed.

* *PnPsolver.h, PnPsolver.cc*.
This is a modified version of the epnp.h and epnp.cc of Vincent Lepetit. 
This code can be found in popular BSD licensed computer vision libraries as [OpenCV](https://github.com/Itseez/opencv/blob/master/modules/calib3d/src/epnp.cpp) and [OpenGV](https://github.com/laurentkneip/opengv/blob/master/src/absolute_pose/modules/Epnp.cpp). The original code is FreeBSD.

* Function *ORBmatcher::DescriptorDistance* in *ORBmatcher.cc*.
The code is from: http://graphics.stanford.edu/~seander/bithacks.html#CountBitsSetParallel.
The code is in the public domain.

#####Code in Thirdparty folder

* All code in **DBoW2** folder.
This is a modified version of [DBoW2](https://github.com/dorian3d/DBoW2) and [DLib](https://github.com/dorian3d/DLib) library. All files included are BSD licensed.

* All code in **g2o** folder.
This is a modified version of [g2o](https://github.com/RainerKuemmerle/g2o). All files included are BSD licensed.

#####Library dependencies 

* **Pangolin (visualization and user interface)**.
[MIT license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License).

* **OpenCV**.
BSD license.

* **Eigen3**.
For versions greater than 3.1.1 is MPL2, earlier versions are LGPLv3.

* **ROS (Optional, only if you build Examples/ROS)**.
BSD license. In the manifest.xml the only declared package dependencies are roscpp, tf, sensor_msgs, image_transport, cv_bridge, which are all BSD licensed.

Commit message:

integrate dynamic excluding feature into command line argument

Dependencies.md, after:

##List of Known Dependencies
### Dynamic-ORB-SLAM2

* *DynamicExtractor.h, DynamicExtractor.c*
This is a modified version of segmentation.cpp from OpenCV library. The original code is BSD licensed.

###ORB-SLAM2 version 1.0

In this document we list all the pieces of code included  by ORB-SLAM2 and linked libraries which are not property of the authors of ORB-SLAM2.


#####Code in **src** and **include** folders

* *ORBextractor.cc*.
This is a modified version of orb.cpp of OpenCV library. The original code is BSD licensed.

* *PnPsolver.h, PnPsolver.cc*.
This is a modified version of the epnp.h and epnp.cc of Vincent Lepetit. 
This code can be found in popular BSD licensed computer vision libraries as [OpenCV](https://github.com/Itseez/opencv/blob/master/modules/calib3d/src/epnp.cpp) and [OpenGV](https://github.com/laurentkneip/opengv/blob/master/src/absolute_pose/modules/Epnp.cpp). The original code is FreeBSD.

* Function *ORBmatcher::DescriptorDistance* in *ORBmatcher.cc*.
The code is from: http://graphics.stanford.edu/~seander/bithacks.html#CountBitsSetParallel.
The code is in the public domain.

#####Code in Thirdparty folder

* All code in **DBoW2** folder.
This is a modified version of [DBoW2](https://github.com/dorian3d/DBoW2) and [DLib](https://github.com/dorian3d/DLib) library. All files included are BSD licensed.

* All code in **g2o** folder.
This is a modified version of [g2o](https://github.com/RainerKuemmerle/g2o). All files included are BSD licensed.

#####Library dependencies 

* **Pangolin (visualization and user interface)**.
[MIT license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License).

* **OpenCV**.
BSD license.

* **Eigen3**.
For versions greater than 3.1.1 is MPL2, earlier versions are LGPLv3.

* **ROS (Optional, only if you build Examples/ROS)**.
BSD license. In the manifest.xml the only declared package dependencies are roscpp, tf, sensor_msgs, image_transport, cv_bridge, which are all BSD licensed.
